Square descriptions

You arrive at the Tower. Dangerous dragons lurk in shadowy corners. You win 250 coins for your bravery.
You fall into a crater! You lose 100 coins while falling on your bum.
You made it to the Palace gates. You win 100 coins to spend at the Palace bar.
You walk through a cold desert. You lose 20 coins because the jacket you tried to buy was actually made of air and that's useless.
You arrive at the Walled City Fashion week. Someone gives you 180 coins because your outfit is stunning.
You enter the Monastery. The exchange of coins is not allowed here. You neither win nor lose coins.
You meet the bouncer at the Black Cave Club. You lose 70 coins trying to bribe your way to the front of the line.
You climb up to the Huts in the mountain. Someone dropped a 60 coins bill on the ground. You take it.
You try to cross the Werewolf-wall (a.k.a. the Werewall). You pay 80 coins so the werewolves let you live. They offer you an extra roll of the dice though because you're cute.
You fall into a deep pit of despair because while playing this adventure game you forgot to do all your homework. You pay Kyle 50 coins so that he'll do your homework for you.
You land on a goldmine and make 650 of your own coins out of the melted gold.
You make your way to the local vegetable market. You buy diamond encrusted carrots for 500 coins.
You do a magical dance performance in the Town Square and people throw 350 coins in your feather-adorned hat.
You arrive at the sand dunes. This really good looking person pops up from nowhere and says: "Hey babe, here is 100 coins because you deserve it."
You sell your wares at the local magical organic herbs market and make a 100 coins profit.
You do a witchy poetry reading at Boisterous Bernie's bookshop. Bernie pays you 75 coins.
You help a centaur pick out a shirt for a special date. You don't make any money, but you have a warm and fuzzy feeling in your heart.
You arrive at the Singing Fountain of Doom and must pay the awful fountain 140 coins so that it'll stop singing.
You find an ancient sword in the last stall of girl's bathroom at school. You sell it to your friend Nelly for 60 coins.
You accidentally step on a frog on your way home through the enchanted forest. It coughs up 50 coins, which you obviously put in your pocket.
You win third place at the town's talent show by demonstrating how you can levitate in your sleep. You win 100 coins.
You die and come back to life. Your grandma gives you 40 coins for all your hard work.
You buy food for your unicorn at the Magical Pet shop and because of inflation it cost you 700 coins.